
error: an end-of-file was reached
globus_xio: An end of file occurred
real 187.41
user 0.25
sys 4.94

error: an end-of-file was reached
globus_xio: An end of file occurred
real 190.51
user 0.27
sys 4.83

error: an end-of-file was reached
globus_xio: An end of file occurred
real 199.18
user 0.25
sys 4.65

error: an end-of-file was reached
globus_xio: An end of file occurred
real 199.32
user 0.28
sys 4.96

error: an end-of-file was reached
globus_xio: An end of file occurred
real 196.56
user 0.26
sys 4.77

error: an end-of-file was reached
globus_xio: An end of file occurred
real 108.09
user 0.21
sys 3.95

error: an end-of-file was reached
globus_xio: An end of file occurred
real 100.43
user 0.17
sys 3.58

error: an end-of-file was reached
globus_xio: An end of file occurred
real 103.77
user 0.16
sys 3.47

error: an end-of-file was reached
globus_xio: An end of file occurred
real 103.58
user 0.20
sys 3.90

error: an end-of-file was reached
globus_xio: An end of file occurred
real 104.37
user 0.20
sys 3.90

error: an end-of-file was reached
globus_xio: An end of file occurred
real 56.90
user 0.13
sys 3.41

error: an end-of-file was reached
globus_xio: An end of file occurred
real 57.75
user 0.17
sys 3.13

error: an end-of-file was reached
globus_xio: An end of file occurred
real 62.92
user 0.16
sys 3.41

error: an end-of-file was reached
globus_xio: An end of file occurred
real 58.94
user 0.14
sys 3.05

error: an end-of-file was reached
globus_xio: An end of file occurred
real 55.13
user 0.13
sys 2.71

error: an end-of-file was reached
globus_xio: An end of file occurred
real 53.33
user 0.12
sys 3.03

error: an end-of-file was reached
globus_xio: An end of file occurred
real 53.33
user 0.12
sys 2.67

error: an end-of-file was reached
globus_xio: An end of file occurred
real 54.14
user 0.12
sys 2.69

error: an end-of-file was reached
globus_xio: An end of file occurred
real 52.96
user 0.13
sys 2.76

error: an end-of-file was reached
globus_xio: An end of file occurred
real 59.92
user 0.13
sys 2.68

error: an end-of-file was reached
globus_xio: An end of file occurred
real 52.68
user 0.09
sys 1.85

error: an end-of-file was reached
globus_xio: An end of file occurred
real 51.38
user 0.08
sys 2.12

error: an end-of-file was reached
globus_xio: An end of file occurred
real 48.18
user 0.09
sys 2.09

error: an end-of-file was reached
globus_xio: An end of file occurred
real 53.34
user 0.10
sys 1.84

error: an end-of-file was reached
globus_xio: An end of file occurred
real 50.15
user 0.09
sys 1.91
